Matching on keywords rather than free text search to improve training relevance on task pages (#661)
EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/RSQKit: pages/contributing/metadata_guidelines.md

   - name: "EVERSE TeSS"
     url: "https://everse-training.app.cern.ch"
```

### In EVERSE Training

> One can manually register a training material in [EVERSE Training](https://everse-training.app.cern.ch/). To make your material findable, keywords need to be properly describing your material. While registering your training material, we highly recommend to select keywords coming from the EVERSE [curated list for keywords](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/training/blob/main/csv/keywords.csv). If your material is described with keywords from this list, it will be listed under the `Training` sections of relevant RSQKit pages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can manually register a training material in [EVERSE Training](https://everse-training.app.cern.ch/). To make your material findable, you should use appropriate keywords to describe your material at the time of registering it. It is highly recommend to select keywords from the [EVERSE curated list for keywords](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/training/blob/main/csv/keywords.csv), in which case it will be listed under the `Training` sections of relevant RSQKit pages that are described using the same keywords in their metadata. 
```

> One can manually register a training material in [EVERSE Training](https://everse-training.app.cern.ch/). To make your material findable, keywords need to be properly describing your material. While registering your training material, we highly recommend to select keywords coming from the EVERSE [curated list for keywords](https://github.com/EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/training/blob/main/csv/keywords.csv). If your material is described with keywords from this list, it will be listed under the `Training` sections of relevant RSQKit pages. 

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem realistic for page written by the average contributor to RSQKIt. It does raise the issue of how we search for pages in TESS and where the results are captured/filtered/curated. May an offline support process might be useful here?
